Add Limitation for "Importing Service APIs" (#1178)
cap-js/docs: guides/using-services.md

Always use OData V4 (`odata`) when calling another CAP service.
:::

::: warning Limitations

> Not all features of OData, OpenAPI, or AsyncAPI are supported in CAP.
> Thus an imported model may be rejected by the CDS compiler.
> A known limitation is that CAP doesn't support cyclic type references

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Not all features of OData, OpenAPI, or AsyncAPI are supported in CAP which may lead to the rejection of the imported model by the CDS compiler or may result in a different API when rendered by CAP.
Known limitations are cyclic type references and inheritance.
```
